From: <http://www.p2r.se/music/disaster.htm>

Chapter 21

Down on the dry, red world of Kakrafoon, in the middle
of the vast Rudlit Desert, the stage technicians were
testing the sound system.

That is to say, the sound system was in the desert, not
the technicians. They had retreated to the safety of
Disaster Area's giant control ship which hung in orbit
some four hundred miles above the planet, and they were
testing the sound from there. Anyone within five miles
of the speaker silos wouldn't have survived the tuning up.

If Arthur Dent had been within five miles of the speaker
silos his expiring thought would have been that in both
size and shape the sound rig closely resembled Manhattan.
Risen out of the silos, the neutron phase speaker stacks
towered monstrously against the sky, obscuring the banks
of plutonium reactors and seismic amps behind them.

Buried deep in concrete bunkers beneath the city of
speakers lay the instruments that the musicians would
control from their ship, the massive photon-ajuitar,
the bass detonator and the Megabang drum complex.

It was going to be a noisy show.

Aboard the giant control ship, all was activity and bustle.
Hotblack Desiato's limoship, a mere tadpole beside it,
had arrived and docked, and the lamented gentleman was
being transported down to the high vaulted corridors to
meet the medium who was going to interpret his psychic
impulses on to the ajuitar keyboard.

A doctor, a logician and a marine biologist had also just
arrived, flown in at a phenomenal expense from Maximegalon
to try to reason with the lead singer who had locked
himself in the bathroom with a bottle of pills and was
refusing to come out till it could be proved conclusively
to him that he wasn't a fish. The bass player was busy
machine-gunning his bedroom and the drummer was nowhere
on board.

Frantic inquiries led to the discovery that he was standing
on a beach on Santraginus V over a hundred light years away
where, he claimed, he had been happy for half an hour now
and had found a small stone that would be his friend.

The band's manager was profoundly relieved. It meant that
for the seventeenth time on this tour the drums would be
played by a robot and that therefore the timing of the
cymballistics would be right. 
